Add "Quick Start" doc. Add "Component Remote State" doc. Add "CLI Commands Cheat Sheet" doc (#280)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/terraform/terraform-shell.md

sidebar_label: shell
sidebar_class_name: command
id: shell

> description: This command starts a new `SHELL` configured with the environment for an Atmos component in a stack so allow executing all native terraform commands inside the shell without using any atmos-specific arguments and flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This command starts a new `SHELL` configured with the environment for an Atmos component in a stack to allow execution of all native terraform commands inside the shell without using any atmos-specific arguments and flags. This may by helpful to debug a component without going through Atmos.
```

atmos terraform shell <component> -s <stack>
```

> The command configures an environment for an Atmos component in a stack and starts a new shell allowing executing all native terraform commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command configures the environment for an Atmos component in a stack and starts a new shell suitable for executing all terraform commands natively without going through atmos.
```

inside the shell without using atmos-specific arguments and flags.

The command does the following:

- Processes the stack config files, generates the required variables for the Atmos component in the stack, and writes them to a file in the
  component's folder

> - Generates a backend config file for the Atmos component in the stack and writes it to a file in the component's folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generates a backend config file for the Atmos component in the stack and writes it to a file in the component's folder (or as specified by the atmos configuration setting)
```

@aknysh can you link to the setting? ☝️
